Reworks the main README (#5138)
electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib: README.md

  <a href="https://github.com/electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib/releases">
    <img alt="GitHub release (latest by date)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib/CONTRIBUTING.md">
    <a href="https://github.com/electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib/blob/master/LICENSE.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib" alt="Electricity Maps is released under the GNU-AGPLv3 license." /></a>
  <a href="https://slack.electricitymaps.com">
    <img src="https://slack.electricitymaps.com/badge.svg" alt="PRs welcome!" /></a>
  <a href="https://slack.electricitymaps.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ElectricityMaps" alt="Twitter Follow"
    ></a>
</p>

![image](https://app.electricitymaps.com/images/electricitymap_social_image.png)

## Introduction

This project aims to provide a free, open-source, and transparent visualisation of the carbon intensity of electricity consumption around the world.

> We get the raw production data from a variety of sources, including official government data, and then run [our flow-tracing algorithm](https://www.electricitymaps.com/blog/flow-tracing) to calculate the actual carbon intensity of a country's electricity consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We fetch the raw production data from public, free, and official sources. They include official government and transmission system operators' data. We then run [our flow-tracing algorithm](https://www.electricitymaps.com/blog/flow-tracing) to calculate the actual carbon intensity of a country's electricity consumption.
```

Author: Nice changes, thanks!

_Try it out at [app.electricitymaps.com](https://app.electricitymaps.com), or download the app on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tmrow.electricitymap&utm_source=github) or [App store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/electricity-map/id1224594248&utm_source=github)._

## Contributing

The Electricity Maps app is a community project and we welcome contributions from anyone!

We are always looking for help to build parsers for new countries, fix broken parsers, improve the frontend app, improve accuracy of data sources, discuss new potential data sources, update region capacities, and much more.

> Read our [contribution guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

Reviewer 2: We haven't actually merged this one yet. 😅
I'll get the final changes done today.

Author: Oh, didn't realise - will wait with merging this!

Reviewer 2: Contributing.md is merged now so this should work just fine!

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.app.electricitymaps.com">

>     <img alt="Electricity Maps" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib/master/web/public/images/electricitymaps-icon.svg" width="100" />

Reviewer 3: New app screen shot would be lovely <3

Reviewer 2: Maybe even with dark theme? 😉

Author: New screenshot in, will wait with dark theme until we've made it look nicer 😄

  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Electricity Maps
</h1>

<p align="center">

> A real-time visualisation of the Greenhouse Gas (in terms of CO<sub>2</sub> equivalent) footprint of electricity consumption around the world.<br>

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this could be improved?

"A real time and historical visualisation of the Greenhouse Gas Intensity (in terms of CO<sub>2</sub> equivalent) of electricity production and consumption around the world."

> **Where does the data come from?**

Reviewer: Shouldn't we add a link to the official FAQ as well?

Author: Yes, good point! :)
